---
layout: entry
date: 2023-11-09 09:00:00 -0500
description: "Test journal entry."
tags: [safety]
---

I first heard of √Åntonia on what seemed to me an interminable journey across the
great midland plain of North America. I was ten years old then; I had lost both
my father and mother within a year, and my Virginia relatives were sending me
out to my grandparents, who lived in Nebraska. I traveled in the care of a
mountain boy, Jake Marpole, one of the "hands" on my father's old farm under the
Blue Ridge, who was now going West to work for my grandfather. Jake's experience
of the world was not much wider than mine. He had never been in a railway train
until the morning when we set out together to try our fortunes in a new world.

We went all the way in day-coaches, becoming more sticky and grimy with each
stage of the journey. Jake bought everything the newsboys offered him: candy,
oranges, brass collar buttons, a watch-charm, and for me a "Life of Jesse
James," which I remember as one of the most satisfactory books I have ever read.
Beyond Chicago we were under the protection of a friendly passenger conductor,
who knew all about the country to which we were going and gave us a great deal
of advice in exchange for our confidence. He seemed to us an experienced and
worldly man who had been almost everywhere; in his conversation he threw out
lightly the names of distant States and cities. He wore the rings and pins and
badges of different fraternal orders to which he belonged. Even his cuff-buttons
were engraved with hieroglyphics, and he was more inscribed than an Egyptian
obelisk. Once when he sat down to chat, he told us that in the immigrant car
ahead there was a family from "across the water" whose destination was the same
as ours.

"They can't any of them speak English, except one little girl, and all she can
say is 'We go Black Hawk, Nebraska.' She's not much older than you, twelve or
thirteen, maybe, and she's as bright as a new dollar. Don't you want to go ahead
and see her, Jimmy? She's got the pretty brown eyes, too!"

This last remark made me bashful, and I shook my head and settled down to "Jesse
James." Jake nodded at me approvingly and said you were likely to get diseases
from foreigners.

I do not remember crossing the Missouri River, or anything about the long day's
journey through Nebraska. Probably by that time I had crossed so many rivers
that I was dull to them. The only thing very noticeable about Nebraska was that
it was still, all day long, Nebraska.

I had been sleeping, curled up in a red plush seat, for a long while when we
reached Black Hawk. Jake roused me and took me by the hand. We stumbled down
from the train to a wooden siding, where men were running about with lanterns. I
couldn't see any town, or even distant lights; we were surrounded by utter
darkness. The engine was panting heavily after its long run. In the red glow
from the fire-box, a group of people stood huddled together on the platform,
encumbered by bundles and boxes. I knew this must be the immigrant family the
conductor had told us about. The woman wore a fringed shawl tied over her head,
and she carried a little tin trunk in her arms, hugging it as if it were a baby.
There was an old man, tall and stooped. Two half-grown boys and a girl stood
holding oil-cloth bundles, and a little girl clung to her mother's skirts.
Presently a man with a lantern approached them and began to talk, shouting and
exclaiming. I pricked up my ears, for it was positively the first time I had
ever heard a foreign tongue.

Another lantern came along. A bantering voice called out: "Hello, are you Mr.
Burden's folks? If you are, it's me you're looking for. I'm Otto Fuchs. I'm Mr.
Burden's hired man, and I'm to drive you out. Hello, Jimmy, ain't you scared to
come so far west?"
